README.md, before:

# About Me

Greetings all!

I'm Robotic Forest. 🤖🌲

You can call me Rob. or Forest, but most people call me Dave.

## My TL;DR

I'm an initially self-taught programmer and have been continually improving my skills since I started back in 1999. I'm also a Willamette University graduate with a BA in Computer Science! 🥳

## Recent Programming Work

Around school I've been working on a C++ and [SDL2](http://libsdl.org/) based game engine (in a private repo). Since starting the project I've learned *a lot* about CMake and a decent amount about git and GitHub too. I plan to continue working on my engine indefinitely, and with it being for my own personal skill improvement I'm not sure yet if I want to eventually open source it.

That said, I *did* get permission to continue work on my game engine for my school thesis and you can [read my report](http://hdl.handle.net/10177/6916) on Willamette University's Academic Commons archive.

## Contacting Me

The best way to contact me at the moment is through my [professional GMail](mailto:david.c.vitez@gmail.com).

# My Projects

If you want to see progress on my game engine check out my [tumblr blog](https://www.tumblr.com/blog/rfgameproject) about it.

Beyond that, I don't have a lot of other projects going on *yet*. I've spent the last two years pouring myself into university work and have done the bulk of my programming during that time for all sorts of class assignments, most of it using Python 3.

I have quite a few game ideas (and a few other programs) in mind and will be starting those projects as soon as I finish switching life tracks from school to full-time work.

<!---
roboticforest/roboticforest is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Wording Tweaks
A friend pointed out that "'programmer' isn't used anymore". Google's Ngram shows that that may be a stretch. The term "programmer" by itself is still greatly in the lead for usage, but it's declining sharply. The terms "computer programmer" and "software engineer" are very closely matched, practically synonymous, but again "computer programmer" is on the decline, and "software engineer" is steadying out.

README.md, after:

# About Me

Greetings all!

I'm Robotic Forest. 🤖🌲

You can call me Rob. or Forest, but most people call me Dave.

## My TL;DR

I taught myself QBasic, C++, and HTML4 back in 1999 as a kid. Kept improving and learning. I just graduated from Willamette University with a BA in Computer Science! 🥳

## Recent Engineering Work

Around school I've been working on a C++ and [SDL2](http://libsdl.org/) based game engine (in a private repo). Since starting the project I've learned *a lot* about CMake and a decent amount about git and GitHub too. I plan to continue working on my engine indefinitely, and with it being for my own personal skill improvement I'm not sure yet if I want to eventually open source it.

That said, I *did* get permission to continue work on my game engine for my school thesis and you can [read my report](http://hdl.handle.net/10177/6916) on Willamette University's Academic Commons archive.

## Contacting Me

The best way to contact me at the moment is through my [professional GMail](mailto:david.c.vitez@gmail.com).

# My Projects

If you want to see progress on my game engine check out my [tumblr blog](https://www.tumblr.com/blog/rfgameproject) about it.

Beyond that, I don't have a lot of other non-school projects going on *yet*. I've spent the last two years pouring myself into university work and have done the bulk of my software engineering during that time in all sorts of class assignments, most of it using Python 3.

I have quite a few game ideas (and a few other programs) in mind and will be starting those projects as soon as I finish switching life tracks from school to full-time work.

<!---
roboticforest/roboticforest is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
